Improve dns documentation (#26813)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/options/dns.md

is the case the **--dns** flag is necessary for every run.

The special value **none** can be specified to disable creation of _/etc/resolv.conf_ in the container by Podman.

> The _/etc/resolv.conf_ file in the image is then used without changes.

Reviewer: Should we add a sentence here explaining that when a network with dns enabled is used that the given nameservers are send to aardvark-dns and not directly inserted into resolv.conf?

I guess that would be the most helpful for users like you?

Author: I thought about this too but then didn't want to get too much into detail.  I'll amend the commits and sign off and add something here.

One question though beforehand: What's the deal with the Japanese localization?  Is there a tool to update the files there automatically?

Reviewer: > One question though beforehand: What's the deal with the Japanese localization? Is there a tool to update the files there automatically?

I don't know, AFAICT they have been dumped here once (without any long term strategy?) and never really been updated since. I suggest you don't care about them and just don't make any changes to these files. If someone cares about them they can update them later.

Author: Added a paragraph that hopefully explains the situation without being too restrictive in its wording to become inaccurate when implementation details change.

is the case the **--dns** flag is necessary for every run.

The special value **none** can be specified to disable creation of _/etc/resolv.conf_ in the container by Podman.
The _/etc/resolv.conf_ file in the image is then used without changes.

Note that **ipaddr** may be added directly to the container's _/etc/resolv.conf_.

> This is not guaranteed though, and for example passing a network name to **--network** will result in _/etc/resolv.conf_ not being altered but rather netavark/aardvark-dns redirecting to the supplied **ipaddr**.

Author: Maybe phrased somewhat differently and in shorter sentences?

```suggestion
This is not guaranteed though.  For example, passing a custom network whose *dns_enabled* is set to *true* to **--network** will result in _/etc/resolv.conf_ only referring to the aardvark-dns server.  aardvark-dns then forwards to the supplied **ipaddr** for all non-container name queries.
```
